Remove deprecated mixins (#3685)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/giant-beds-drop.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": major
---

> Remove deprecated style mixins in favor of utility classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the deprecated style mixins in favor of utility classes.
```
